From the existing system, the new feature will be assigning the roles of the team

The 'active_builds' component calls for the '../components/Builds/Builds' component, which will display a list of 'DRAFT' and 'ACTIVE' orders
I want to modify this component to display also orders in the following status: 'UNASIGNED', 'TESTPLAN'.
These are the two new steps that need to be completed before an order moves into the state of 'ACTIVE'

Keep in mind, the order might have 3 different status: 'DRAFT', 'UNASIGNED', 'TESTPLAN' 

If the order is in 'DRAFT', the order will display a button, when the user clicks the button
the '../OrderActivation/OrderActivationWizard' component will display, and the user must input the BOM and serial number relationship, and define project members.
If all data is correct, the backend will move the order into 'UNASIGNED' status. This feature is already complete both in the UI and backend. 

I want to create the next step which is moving the order from 'UNASIGNED' into 'TESTPLAN'
To do so, any order that is related to the user via their email will show in a list, with a button to 'assign'.
Right now we have a hardcoded email to simulate user credentials, keep it that way. 
The same logic that was implemented to move the order from 'DRAFT' to 'UNASIGNED'. 
When a user clicks the button, a new component will display, in this component the user will be presented with a list of members already assigned to the order
User must select from a dropbox the correct role for each of the members associated to the order. 

For this, we need to pull data from the database. 
We need first to pre-populate the component with a list of existing members and their current role
There is a table called 'dbo.order_users' where we have order_id, user_id and role_id

For the dropbox, the user must select only from the available roles in the table dbo.roles. 
The table dbo.roles has the following columns: role_id and role_name. 
The UI must present in a combo box the role_name
There is a role_name = 'ADMIN', this role should not be displayed as an option for the user.

The UI component must provide also the option to add more members and their corresponding role

Once all roles are populated, user can assign the roles. The table dbo.order_users is updated to handle the relationship of the role_id and role_name
Finally the order status changes from 'UNASIGNED' to 'TESTPLAN'

Show the components with the correct folder structure and what modifications do I need to do for the existing components

